OW-342 (#8)
Vonage/vonage-media-transformers-samples: examples/mediapipe/BackgroundEnchantments/README.md

> # Background Enhancement Sample Application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Background Effects Sample Application
```

Author: fixed

> This sample application shows how to create background enhancement using [@vonage/ml-transformers](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@vonage/ml-transformers) package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
his sample application shows the result of applying some background visual effects by using the [@vonage/ml-transformers](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@vonage/ml-transformers) library.
```

Author: fixed

# Demo

> You can see a demo of this sample running [here](https://vonage-background-enchantments-sample.s3.amazonaws.com/index.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see a live demo of this sample running [here](https://vonage-background-enchantments-sample.s3.amazonaws.com/index.html)
```

Author: fixed

# Building the application

> **This is very simple**

Reviewer: IMO this not add any info the build process so I would remove it.

Author: fixed

## Configure the environment
    nvm install 16.13
    nvm use 16.13
    npm i
## Run dev version

    npm run dev

## Run production version

    npm run build
    npm run preview

> # Using it in the "real world"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Using the library in a real use case
```

Author: fixed

> In our example the result is shown on side canvas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample apps renders the result of the video captured from the camera on the right side canvas.
```

> However, in the real world you want to use it with [OT.Publisher](https://tokbox.com/developer/guides/vonage-media-processor/js/#publisher-setvideomediaprocessorconnector-method)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some real use case for this library would be using it along with [OT.Publisher](https://tokbox.com/developer/guides/vonage-media-processor/js/#publisher-setvideomediaprocessorconnector-method).
```

> **That is simple too**

Reviewer: These kind of sentences do not add any value to how the integration is or the library is used in a real use case. I would remove it.
